writing system
football team
employer
film
award category
award category
award category
location
award category
location
award category
organization
award category
award category
award category
genre
award category
time zone
organization
tv series
airline terminal
football team
time zone
topic
award category
record label
treatment category
location
award category
award category
award category
sports tournament
education institution
instrument
location
award category
award category
concept
genre
medical specialty
education institution
award category
person
time zone
tv series
genre
award category
award category
award category
football team
award category
award category
medical specialty
person
instrument
genre
location
award category
award category
tv series
location
location
medical specialty
industry
award category
topic
time zone
award category
tv series
award category
award category
award category
award category
location
genre
tv series
award category
award category
football team
medical treatment
military conflict
event
topic
time zone
film
instrument
location
award category
event
award category
award category
genre
award category
time zone
award category
award category
award category
film
person
football team
award category
genre
award category
award category
medical specialty
time zone
award category
award category
award category
award category
award category
location
topic
award category
medical institution
award category
medical person
event
award category
tv series
award category
organization
event
award category
award category
award category
award category
award category
business organization
award category
medical specialty
company
football team
person
topic
academic institution
award category
football team
award category
time zone
award category
time zone
award category
award category
award category
currency
genre
time zone
award category
award category
award category
location
education program
award category
award category
award category
award category
time zone
football team
award category
company
time zone
time zone
tv series
sports league team
concept
award category
award category
film
genre
award category
award category
award category
football team
record label
award category
award category
event
period
award category
award category
award category
location
award nominated work
topic
instrumentation
ethnic group
media company
award category
school
award category
award category
employer
award category
award category
award category
football team
football team
employer
award category
film
tv network
award category
award category
instrument
award category
award category
topic
award category
award category
education institution
event
football team
location
award category
tv network
baseball league season
award category
award category
location
football team
award category
award category
person
genre
work
award category
event
film
business title
person
source
award category
award category
award category
location
film company
award category
award category
award category
field of study
award category
genre
award category
football team
tv genre
award category
sports team
location
genre
award category
league
film
tv genre
time zone
event
film director
award category
award category
award category
employer
person
time zone
topic
award category
school type
sports team
location
legislative session
tv program
time zone
school
award category
event
topic
tv network
film
profession
award category
work
award category
award category
concept
award category
award category
award nominated work
product category
award category
award category
award category
government office
sports position
time zone
location
award category
award category
medical specialty
tv program
legal entity
award category
award category
genre
instrument
award category
tv series
location
award category
time zone
disease
person
award category
award category
time zone
award category
award category
award category
tournament team
football team
location
drug
award category
award category
employer
award category
award category
concept
person
location
award category
award category
location
award category
sports team
person
location
award category
sports team
topic
location
person
death
sports event
food category
sports team
education institution
award category
award category
sports tournament team
football team
education institution
award category
topic
award category
event
award category
award category
football team
award category
award nominated work
football team
location
genre
risk factor
award category
sports position
award category
topic
award category
person
tv program
award category
football team
award category
award category
food category
tv network
industry
award category
award category
award category
award category
topic
award category
education institution
award category
time zone
education institution
sports team
time zone
film
award category
topic
award category
award category
award category
employer
education institution
genre
event
award category
football team
award category
football team
award category
award category
award category
sports position
person
tv series
award category
award category
award category
award category
topic
award category
work
sports team
award category
site
animal diet
student
award category
employer
football team
award category
film
football team
football team
product category
award nominated work
award category
award category
award category
football team
person
football team
football team
award category
football team
award category
population
award category
tv series
award category
award category
award category
topic
tv series
award category
award category
food category
location
sport
football team
award category
award category
film
award category
award category
area
sports team
education degree
work
time zone
football team
award category
industry category
place
award category
award category
organization
award category
location
medical specialty
time zone
award category
award category
award category
award category
employer
genre
genre
time zone
football team
topic
film release
academic institution
computer model
award category
topic
facility
award category
award category
award category
event
award category
record label
award category
award category
food processing process
award category
employer
award category
film subject
genre
award category
feature film
award category
education institution
time zone
topic
award category
sports team
award category
time zone
award category
award category
film
award category
genre
location
sport
airline
event
award category
topic
award category
award category
award category
award category
tv series
award category
award category
genre
football team
event
military event
football team
location
location
football team
award category
sports team
collection
football team
film
topic
time zone
award category
topic
work
medical institution
award category
company
award category
award category
award category
institution
award category
award category
award category
education institution
employer
topic
office office
football team
award category
award category
genre
person
instrument
topic
location
football team
education institution
organization
time zone
award category
organization
military combatant
football team
award category
award category
time zone
award category
award category
shipyard
film role
award category
location
company
award category
award category
award category
award category
location
award category
award category
location
award category
record label
award category
business organization
award category
award category
legislative session
location
sports team
place
topic
education category
film
award category
award category
award category
football team
topic
item
award category
time zone
education institution
topic
event
award category
award category
award category
football team
football team
person
football team
topic
institution
award category
tv network
time zone
award category
award category
fictional universe
collection
concept
location
award category
award nominated film
award category
award category
football team
tv series
award category
award category
royal line
football team
event
award category
genre
genre
location
award category
time zone
award category
award category
genre
location
award category
subject
award category
award category
film
location
award category
month
topic
award category
organization
organization
topic
award category
population
location
event
award category
award ceremony
organization
entity
award category
award category
award category
award category
bridge type
topic
event
event
film
location
topic
award category
award category
award category
topic
genre
employer
award category
award category
award category
government office title
film
genre
business organization
instrument
profession
location
time zone
award category
industry category
award category
award category
award category
concept
genre
award category
location
award category
location
employer
government officeholder
award category
tv series
location
political party
award category
school
area
award category
royal line
time zone
military conflict
item
football team
award category
topic
instrument
architectural style
film
film
award nominated work
award category
event
award category
award category
award category
work
tv series
airline location
football team
award category
employer
award category
award category
sports team
award category
award category
food ingredient
education type
genre
instrument
film
character
award category
award category
organization
award category
business title
award category
award category
award category
award category
film
award category
topic
location
ethnic group
film
award category
business entity
film
award category
award category
award category
location
award category
character
tv series
award category
award category
award category
location
award category
football team
award category
person
award category
football team
film
award category
record label
award category
employer
school
time zone
award category
time zone
film
topic
award category
genre
sports team
genre
tv program
time zone
award category
football team
education institution
concept
award category
award category
football team
film
time zone
topic
award category
award category
award category
school
award category
instrument
education institution
award category
instrument
instrument
education institution
film
genre
award category
location
award category
topic
genre
award category
location
award category
time zone
award category
award category
topic
organization
business title
legislative session
education institution
genre
award category
government officeholder
award category
award category
event
education institution
topic
award category
academic institution
employer
award category
award category
award category
employer
award nominated film
record label
award category
location
award category
tv program
award category
award category
award category
person
film
tv series
football team
award category
instrument
award category
football team
genre
topic
award category
award category
sports team
award category
genre
award category
employer
award category
genre
award category
location
award category
award category
location
location
award category
award category
award category
topic
government body
award category
company
award category
event
location
film
sports position
award category
award category
award category
work
award category
company
award category
location
award category
instrument
football team
topic
event
topic
legislative session
award category
award category
award category
award category
time zone
topic
award category
genre
award category
entity
genre
film
currency
football team
person
football team
population
award category
award category
award category
language
award category
genre
award category
award category
award category
concept
award category
film
location
award category
location
voiceover artist
event
sports league season
education institution
award category
tv program
award category
award category
award category
award category
location
award category
film
topic
award category
award category
work
award category
award category
award category
topic
award category
location
person
award category
film
award category
topic
film
food processing process
award category
award category
award category
military event
education level
award category
award category
tv program
tv series
award category
award category
location
award category
award category
award category
award category
award category
location
place
award category
location
item
award category
topic
genre
award category
tv program
award category
award category
award category
tv series
conflict
genre
football team
topic
legal category
award category
airline
award category
time zone
tv series
football team
award category
sports league league
award category
award category
award category
record label
film
award category
award category
location
award category
topic
award category
award category
award category
topic
location
tv series
film category
office of government office
award category
location
award category
topic
award category
location
tv series
instrument
award category
topic
time zone
genre
football team
award category
topic
genre
occupation
genre
football team
genre
time zone
award category
football team
event
award category
sports event
award category
award category
location
film
football team
tv network
award category
award category
award category
language
award category
time zone
topic
award category
award category
football team
food category
award category
program of study
football team
topic
topic
award category
football team
award category
topic
topic
award category
award category
education level
country
football team
time zone
location
location
football team
fictional character
school of education
tv genre
genre
conflict
person
location
instrument type
event
award category
award category
award category
genre
film
tv program
award category
award category
film
topic
government office
organization
medical specialty
football team
award category
person
football team
sports team
award category
sports team
location
award category
location
location
organization
film
case
tv program
award category
football team
food category
facility
award category
award category
award category
award category
genre
instrument
industry
award category
military command
event
product category
award category
award category
football team
tv series
award category
award category
genre
tv program
food biosynthesis
award category
award category
award category
film role
genre
topic
award category
time zone
tv series
time zone
award category
tv series
organization
organization
award category
genre
award category
time zone
award category
award category
government office
location
football team
person
award category
food category
time zone
media company
instrument
sports team
award category
award category
topic
award category
football team
person
location
award category
topic
tv series
time zone
film
award category
location
award category
award category
education institution
person
topic
medical specialty
instrument
field of study
language
award category
award category
tv series
record label
award category
industry category
award category
computer operating system
award category
award category
award category
award category
topic
concept
industry
award category
event
military event
award category
award category
time zone
football team
football team
organization
award category
award category
location
award category
award category
industry
location
industry
topic
film
football team
concept
time zone
football team
military conflict
topic
football team
film
award category
area
tv program
film
tv program
military conflict
football team
football team
company
organization
product category
award category
sports team
award category
event
award category
award category
military conflict
award category
award category
award category
award category
award category
tv series
award category
genre
sports league team
award category
genre
work
tv series
award category
award category
sports league league
location
medical institution
award category
location
award category
football team
award category
award category
football team
sports team
award category
office office
sports league draft
topic
award category
government office office
media company
award category
education institution
field of study
topic
award category
record label
event
award category
award category
location
award category
time zone
award category
award category
sports league team
education institution
disease type
sports event
award category
location
award category
award category
organization
genre
tv series
award category
location
tv series
genre
award category
award category
award category
football team
record label
person
award category
award category
award category
award category
location
genre
location
instrument
tv genre
award category
award category
football team
location
football team
award category
award category
genre
location
location
sports team
education institution
football team
food category
award category
sports team
football player
award category
award category
location
religion
tv series
award category
football team
industry
time zone
topic
football team
award category
genre
award category
award category
award category
sports team
sports tournament
education institution
award category
genre
government officeholder
person
topic
award category
military conflict
tv series
award category
genre
country
tv series
topic
award category
event
award category
award category
topic
conflict
award category
topic
award category
award category
football team
award category
award category
football team
award category
award category
education level
award category
film
tv program
award category
office office
country
award category
topic
award category
award category
award category
location
topic
award category
office office
genre
police organization
bridge type
award category
award category
award category
football team
award category
sports position
location
medical specialty
award category
tv program
location
film
field of study
award category
award category
genre
topic
award category
film
tv series
tv program
award category
political party
football team
record label
film role
award category
employer
sports team
sports league draft
employer
award category
location
person
time zone
film
football team
award category
award category
office office
award category
award category
film
government body
genre
award category
award category
genre
award category
topic
award category
award category
time zone
award category
time zone
award category
award category
award category
genre
genre
football team
academic institution
award category
award category
award category
event
office office
award category
location
tv series
film
topic
field of study
organization
location
medical specialty
award category
location
event
genre
time zone
award category
award category
political party
topic
award category
award category
award category
genre
film
award category
record label
medical specialty
film
award category
award category
season
award category
sports team
instrument
person
award category
education institution
tv series
football team
instrument
award category
tv program
academic institution
sports team
business title
award category
award category
award category
award category
education institution
football team
record label
topic
location
location
location
award category
court case
award category
sports team
award category
award category
award category
location
political party
award category
football team
topic
education topic
institution
time zone
military service
site
genre
award category
genre
award category
award category
tv series
topic
office office
award category
award category
genre
award category
tv series
award category
award category
tv genre
award category
school
award category
organization
award category
award category
tv series
topic
football team
location
award category
award category
topic
topic
education institution
award category
award category
award category
award category
topic
location
occupation
design category
award category
football team
award category
football team
sports team
topic
award category
topic
food category
award category
genre
category
award category
time zone
football team
concept
sports team
genre
award category
award category
award category
award category
person
award category
award category
education institution
topic
school of study
award category
location
award category
tv series
feature
football team
award category
award category
award category
genre
instrument
tv series
time zone
football team
award category
tv series
topic
legislative session
collection
award category
award category
area
employer
topic
instrument
time zone
military conflict
film
location
award category
topic
education institution
sports team
award category
award category
award category
location
award category
place
award category
award category
field of study
time zone
award category
award category
film
award category
award category
football team
award category
event
tv series
time zone
military event
topic
operating system
award category
award category
film
award category
person
time zone
award category
time zone
education institution
education institution
sports event
award category
award category
computer operating system
award category
location
instrument
location
genre
breed
award category
genre
award category
site
location
language
collection period
business title
award category
football team
award category
award category
school of music
award category
location
award category
award category
award category
award category
tv series
location
award category
sports team
record label
record label
film
award category
education institution
genre
company
award category
tv series
award category
award category
specialty
award category
award category
field of study
film
award category
location
organization
tv series
film
genre
award category
football team
award category
medical specialty
award ceremony
time zone
award category
person
award category
award category
award category
tv series
topic
company
award category
person
award category
award category
topic
company
concept
industry
football team
employer
award category
award category
time zone
location
disease
food category
award category
location
media location
award category
time zone
media company
military unit
award category
organization
military service
award category
award category
award category
football team
award category
award category
football team
location
award category
genre
award category
award category
film
award category
tv series
time zone
academic institution
award category
government entity
person
award category
film
industry
award category
location
award category
award category
concept
industry
award category
sports team location
time zone
award category
award category
location
person
football team
football team
tv series
medical specialty
person
award category
award category
location
award category
award category
award category
award category
country
instrument
award category
award category
award category
disease
award category
genre
military event
award category
award category
time zone
award category
award category
award category
location
location
time zone
government office
location
genre
award category
person
award category
sports team
award category
award category
business title
location
genre
award category
office
genre
football team
award category
award category
tv series
award category
person
instrument
award category
company
football team
mineral
film
genre
award category
genre
award category
award category
award category
award category
award category
tv program
football team
award category
award category
event
record label
award category
award category
award category
award category
location
genre
genre
award category
award category
film location
film
award category
topic
media industry
topic
award category
location
film
genre
award category
location
award nominated film
location
award category
instrument
film
award category
time zone
location
time zone
football team
tv series
award category
art movement
award category
location
award category
award category
topic
film
award category
sports team
employer
topic
person
employer
football team
genre
award category
sport
government entity
award category
award category
award category
media company
award category
award category
legislative session
treatment
film
record label
award category
award category
award category
award category
event
film
instrument
tv series
occupation
award category
instrument
medical specialty
award category
genre
ethnic group
company
time zone
person
film
award category
award category
award category
tv program
organization
facility
award category
sports team
award category
award category
time zone
location
genre
award category
award category
time zone
award category
government officeholder
award category
award category
event
sports team
award category
award category
award category
award category
award category
football team
award category
award category
award category
award category
education degree
food category
award category
location
football team
football team
award category
instrument
award category
person
tv series
award category
location
medical treatment
location
award category
topic
award category
award category
award category
sports team
award category
location
airline hub
genre
tv network
record label
award category
award category
sports team
location
sports team
field of study
genre
genre
instrument
award category
award nominated work
film
award category
award category
event
business title
genre
government office
award category
military conflict
award category
award category
award category
award category
time zone
award category
award category
sports team
occupation
classification
event
person
tv series
football team
award category
location
topic
award category
genre
instrument
organization
event
star system
location
genre
award category
sports team
award category
location
language
award category
location
location
medical condition
organization
time zone
topic
topic
award category
award category
location
award category
award category
award category
award category
award category
award category
location
person
award category
award category
award category
award category
location
military event
person
time zone
award category
genre
location
award category
award category
award category
award category
field of study
football team
topic
instrument
award category
award category
football team
football team
work
award category
company
award category
film
project role
sports team
award category
education institution
time zone
award category
sports team
film
award category
film role
award category
topic
award category
football team
person
award category
film
operating system
award category
sports team
award category
award category
award category
language
topic
character
population
sports team
award category
person
school
film role
topic
sports position
location
person
award category
institution
award category
award category
genre
award category
location
genre
award category
award category
person
language
food category
award category
media company
genre
award category
instrument
artist
award category
award category
food category
employer
genre
food category
award category
award category
award category
football team
tv program
award category
location
award category
tv series
society
award category
award category
occupation
time zone
award category
award category
education degree
location
time zone
award category
genre
award category
award category
fictional universe
business organization
location
award category
business title
sports team
football team
award category
genre
football team
work
topic
award category
award category
sports league league
education institution
award category
topic
agency
award category
award category
organization
award category
award category
topic
genre
event
award category
award category
time zone
film
award category
collection system
employer
zone
academic institution
football team
award category
topic
concept
award category
time zone
topic
award category
award category
genre
food category
award category
location
genre
award category
award category
football team
tv program
award category
film
topic
tv network
football team
football team
location
football team
company
award category
award category
film
topic
award category
location
sports team
record label
topic
location
time zone
collection system
award category
award category
military unit
award category
award category
organization
tv series
award category
award category
award category
education institution
field of study
football team
tv network
person
award category
award category
football team
topic
award category
award category
time zone
time zone
award category
award category
government entity
award category
location
topic
award category
organization
education institution
award category
instrument
football team
legislative branch
award category
award category
award category
award category
place
football team
location
football team
award category
education institution
organization
award category
person
award category
military conflict
award category
currency category
government office
topic
location
football team
location
concept
tv program
topic
medical specialty
award category
award category
award category
academic institution
employer
award category
football team
football team
person
time zone
award category
military service
time zone
sports team
country
event
award category
location
concept
time period
location
concept
award category
sports league team
organization
month
award category
genre
award category
award category
award category
architectural function
instrument
tv series
collection structure
award category
award category
sports tournament
award category
award category
award category
award category
time zone
award category
location
education level
award category
topic
location
award category
time zone
location
award category
award category
government office
football team
award category
award category
film
student body
education institution
award category
academic institution
award category
concept
award category
award category
football team
genre
tv genre
award category
time zone
football team
award category
football team
tv program
sports league draft
award category
film
award category
education institution
award category
person
award category
film
topic
tv series
topic
award category
sports team
tv network
tv series
topic
location
actress
award category
football team
office
source
employer
education institution
time zone
award category
award category
education institution
record label
time zone
film
award category
event
government office title
award category
award category
person
award category
time period
award nominated work
award category
award category
political party
employer
film location
award category
production company
football team
language
topic
football team
award category
award category
company
award category
award category
football team
award category
film
place of work
award category
football team
award category
film
football team
person
location
award category
country
award category
topic
award category
genre
topic
body of body
location
award category
football team
award category
award category
award category
time zone
instrument
award category
award category
award category
location
award category
location
industry
award category
award category
award category
tv series
award category
award category
award category
employer
sports league league
award category
medical person
event
award category
topic
location
political party
football team
film
award category
genre
award category
genre
award category
location
football team
football team
sports team
award category
location
time zone
topic
transport mode
award category
award category
topic
football team
award category
area
award category
academic institution
award category
football team
award category
film
legislative session
film role
award category
military conflict
topic
topic
award category
award category
football team
award category
facility
event
genre
award category
award category
royal family
award category
award category
location
film
industry
football team
language
award category
award nominated work
organization
award category
tv program
award category
government
award category
time period
football team
award category
time zone
population
genre
education degree
award category
award category
award category
football team
sports league league
award category
award category
award category
government office
award category
award category
media genre
football team
topic
award category
genre
award category
film
film
award category
tv program
award category
genre
award category
computer program
education institution
award category
award category
award category
topic
government office
award category
genre
location
sports league league
location
organization
award category
award category
person
award category
award category
sports league league league
film role
classification category
award category
genre
location
topic
award category
award category
event
event
award category
location
person
award category
military conflict
award category
genre
location
time zone
film role
award category
location
football team
location
location
award category
award category
award category
event
award category
award category
topic
record label
award category
tv program
football team
award category
location
award category
education institution
award category
award category
game genre
film
topic
sports team
award category
government office
topic
film
award category
award category
instrument
record label
record label
film
award category
location
topic
award category
location
occupation
award category
film
award category
football team
sports league league league
award category
award category
genre
award nominated work
award category
award category
tv program
topic
fictional universe
award category
location
award category
topic
award category
award category
award category
award category
award category
award category
government entity
award category
award category
award category
location
ethnicity
record label
genre
award category
award category
author
award category
award category
award category
location
education institution
award category
time zone
media company
award category
employer
sponsor
award category
event
award category
location
topic
award category
instrument
award category
award category
topic
genre
award category
food category
award category
genre
award category
time zone
award category
football team
topic
football team
football team
genre
award category
business location
software license
product category
event
award category
education institution
person
person
film
award category
award category
award category
location
person
football team
award category
education institution
location
award category
company
business organization
award category
time zone
award category
person
record label
award category
location
award category
award category
award category
topic
award category
award category
football team
award category
record label
football team
genre
award category
film
award category
film
award category
award category
food category
genre
film
award category
award category
tv program
football team
topic
award category
award category
location
industry
award category
topic
business title
award category
award category
tv program
award category
genre
award category
award category
award category
award category
genre
film
award category
instrument
football team
sports position
award category
genre
film
tv series
topic
location
genre
location
ethnic group
genre
football team
location
award category
record label
award category
award category
award category
sports team
location
award category
award category
award category
award category
award category
football team
award category
award category
record label
award category
organization
government office
award category
food category
award category
award category
award category
award category
instrument
award category
award category
award category
time zone
concept
genre
award category
film
award category
award category
award nominated work
instrument
time zone
award category
organization
time zone
country
genre
field of study
location
award category
event
tv program
football team
time zone
time zone
topic
employer
award category
product category
genre
award category
award category
education institution
award category
award category
instrument
award category
time zone
programming language
location
tv series
employer
location
genre
award category
genre
award category
genre
award category
computer operating system
award category
football team
award category
employer
award category
award category
football team
time zone
sports team
award category
award category
location
tv series
location
film
religion
award category
football team
award category
location
company
instrument
medical specialty
organization
award category
location
location
award category
award category
award category
event
location
football team
film
film
instrument
award category
time zone
location
organization
time zone
employer
education type
location
time zone
topic
government office
award category
person
award category
event
award category
education institution
football team
award category
topic
award category
topic
award category
government office
award category
time zone
award category
location
genre
football team
site
award category
sports team
time zone
location
education institution
sports team
court category
award category
award category
award category
football team
football team
record label
award category
topic
film
award category
genre
football team
education institution
film
location
award category
award category
area
business organization
football team
person
award category
event
location
award category
horse
award category
location
genre
topic
location
film
award category
location
time zone
award category
employer
award category
organization
type
sports team
award category
award category
time zone
employer
award category
award category
award category
time zone
event
genre
film
film
award category
award nominated work
award category
award category
time zone
award category
tv program
event
tv program
tv program
film
business location
military conflict
award category
source
award category
football team
industry
award category
classification
time zone
film
person
award nominated work
award category
item category
instrument
award category
topic
genre
location
industry location
film
type of school
football team
universe
sports league
award category
award category
time zone
tv program
location
award category
genre
time zone
media genre
person
company
topic
award category
award category
time zone
location
genre
football team
time zone
award category
football team
film
genre
location
film cut
award category
award category
football team
football team
award category
film
award category
award category
award category
genre
award category
award category
location
person
award category
award category
award category
genre
industry
award category
award category
award category
industry
award category
genre
school
award ceremony
topic
topic
food category
time zone
time zone
concept
award category
education institution
restaurant
education institution
award ceremony
award category
employer
award category
time zone
award category
tv program
award category
location
award category
medical specialty
ethnicity
award category
award category
topic
award category
person
award category
genre
award category
instrument
medical treatment
time zone
sports team
football team
employer
award category
award category
football team
award category
award category
award category
award category
organization
event
education institution
film
genre
award category
instrument
topic
award category
award category
genre
sports team
award category
award category
award category
location
award category
award category
award category
location
interface
topic
football team
product category
award category
football team
award category
event
award category
sports team
school type
award category
location
tv network
basketball team
genre
award category
award category
government entity
award category
tv program
football team
province
football team
award category
sports team
education institution
award category
award category
topic
location
award category
film
award category
legislative session
award category
film
sports team
award category
award category
award category
time zone
football team
film
academic institution
award category
award category
person
location
person
award category
award category
award category
topic
record label
award category
production company
award category
film
language
award category
genre
award category
genre
religion
football team
award category
award category
topic
location
film
award category
genre
award category
football team
employer
football team
football team
industry
architectural style
time zone
location
education institution
time zone
tv program
genre
film
sports league draft
award category
event
football team
tv genre
film
football team
time zone
government officeholder
location
award category
award category
award category
football team
location
genre
location
award category
educational institution
football team
award category
topic
film
topic
medical condition
award category
award category
employer
employer
company
award category
record label
population
person
tv program
award category
location
award category
award category
genre
genre
award category
genre
company
football team
government body
award category
film
award category
time zone
award category
award category
award category
topic
military service
topic
location
award category
award category
topic
award category
award category
location
award category
award category
person
award category
football league
award category
sports league league draft
instrument
sports team event
topic
sports league draft
political party
location
sports team
award category
award category
location
industry
record label
tv series
football team
location
film
award category
topic
award category
field of study
award category
award category
location
location
time zone
employer
award category
award category
football team
football team
genre
award category
award category
award category
government office
award category
location
award category
tv program
award category
award category
military conflict
sports league league
award category
award category
time zone
time zone
government title
football team
academic institution
isine
award category
currency
genre
award category
topic
medical condition
location
education level
industry specialty
award category
location
organization
award category
event
topic
event
award category
event
tv program
football team
award category
legislative session
time zone
award category
education institution
instrument
football team
award category
tv series
film
genre
location
award category
location
genre
language
award category
award category
award category
award category
location
award category
sports team
football team
football team
film
location
award category
football team
film
location
organization
topic
award category
football team
location
award category
event
award category
genre
award category
location
football team
person
education institution
award category
tv series
sports position
award category
food company
education program
record label
employer
medical specialty
football team
award category
award category
film
topic
award category
award category
education institution
football team
award category
award category
genre
medical specialty
football team
award category
award category
award category
location
award category
award category
film
facility
award category
sports team
topic
company
award category
football team
sports league team
award category
award category
court case
government title
award category
government
concept
location
football team
award category
person
award category
award category
award category
award category
award category
medical specialty
medical specialty
education institution
award category
award category
award category
religion
location
sports team
award category
award category
education institution
award category
award category
location
genre
award category
language
award category
award category
award category
award nominated work
award category
award category
organization
event
award category
award category
instrument
award category
topic
award category
award category
topic
topic
award category
film
location
topic
employer
topic
location
award category
award category
award category
concept
time zone
award category
award category
award category
location
football team
legislative session
award category
officeholder
work
award category
award category
political party
award category
location
award category
award category
company
award category
industry
award category
entity
time zone
military event
award category
location
industry
award category
award category
award category
award category
award category
award category
award category
time zone
genre
employer
time zone
sport
award category
education institution
film
topic
location
award category
football team
award category
tv program
topic
film
location
topic
person
award category
film
award category
award category
award category
award category
location
location
award category
event
genre
legislative session
film
football team
genre
award category
person
specialty
award category
film
film festival
award category
person
award category
topic
award category
tv series
genre
record label
location
time zone
football team
event
topic
topic
award category
film
body
military event
education institution
medical specialty
award category
genre
government officeholder
military event
award category
organization
location
award category
award category
genre
sports team
location
person
award category
genre
award category
sports team
film
event
topic
award category
location
award category
product category
award category
genre
education institution
location
event
football team
film
award category
award category
sports league draft
medical specialty
award category
tv network
tv network
award category
award category
award category
award category
company
award category
time zone
award category
employer
award category
sports team
football team
film director
football team
topic
award category
location
award category
award category
award category
sports team
sports team
topic
award category
award category
award category
organization
award category
time zone
award category
award category
instrument
tv series
topic
topic
genre
award category
sports league team
person
award category
award category
location
award category
award category
topic
entity
football team
location
tv series
organization
location
award category
award category
government office
award category
education institution
award category
football team
legal entity
award category
time zone
sport
award category
genre
instrument
military position
football team
education institution
football team
film
time zone
award category
award category
location
football team
award category
genre
football team
time zone
award category
tv program
award category
award category
time zone
film
football team
award category
genre
genre
award category
location
award category
location
location
time zone
record label
award category
person
time zone
company
film
legislative session
award category
award category
ethnic group
award category
award category
award category
location
award category
award category
award category
legislative session
topic
award category
time zone
award category
award category
population
award category
location
genre
award category
award category
location
sports team
football team
award category
award category
location
military service
award category
education field
tv series
award category
tv program
tv series
facility
instrument
instrument
person
organization
time zone
award category
award category
ethnic group
ethnic group
award category
person
film
topic
football team
football team
award category
legislative session
sports team
product category
award category
award category
instrument
award category
award category
tv series
tv series
topic
award category
award category
award category
chemical compound
football team
medical specialty
award category
topic
film
tv series
location
concept
location
award category
award category
award category
football team
location
football team
award category
football team
sport
award category
academic institution
time zone
sports league league
employer
medical specialty
time zone
legislative session
organization
award category
award category
person
award category
film role
award category
university of study
award category
award nominated work
organization
time zone
record label
month
time zone
genre
topic
location
award category
tv series
award category
location
topic
time zone
sports venue
film
award category
medical school
tv series
football team
location
company
film
topic
award category
film
tv series
topic
location
award nominated work
film
topic
gender
location
employer
record label
film
employer
location
event
instrument
award category
location
genre
football team
genre
film
record label
award category
language
topic
award category
location
award category
education institution
food category
award category
person
medical specialty
office
award category
award category
award category
person
award category
specialty
award category
award category
employer
film
film
football team
award category
football team
film
genre
award category
occupation
award category
award category
time zone
time zone
film
food category
award category
award category
award category
government officeholder
tv series
award category
award category
award category
film
government office
award category
entity
genre
award category
programming language
football team
military combatant
sports team
topic
award category
architectural style
site
time zone
tv network
time zone
genre
event
film
award category
record label
award category
award category
film
award category
award category
football team
award category
award category
tv program
football team
award category
award category
language
military service
football team
award category
award category
genre
tv series
organization
airline
time zone
genre
award category
award category
location
topic
education institution
person
award category
tv show
award category
film
location
football team
location
genre
office office
award category
location
film
award category
award category
tv series
location
award category
award category
award category
award category
time zone
sport
award category
industry
award category
animal breed
person
film
award category
location
language
time zone
genre
award category
concept
award category
event
government office
education institution
award category
award category
program
football team
site
instrument
instrument
award category
award category
award category
facility
ethnic group
film festival
award category
award category
football team
award category
award category
company
industry
programming language
location
sports team
film genre
award category
football team
military service
operator
award category
sports team
topic
record label
football team
award category
award category
award category
genre
award category
location
film company
topic
topic
topic
concept
topic
location
tv program
football team
film
award category
band
architectural style
location
location
time zone
award category
award category
award category
genre
award category
award category
award category
sports team
football team
government office
company
award category
award category
football team
award category
topic
medical condition
location
award category
award category
award category
award category
sports team
film
award category
sports team
award nominated film
award category
organization
award category
person
time zone
education level
football team
award category
event
time zone
location
time zone
award category
award category
work
genre
performer
award category
award category
award category
location
military conflict
film location
location
award category
award category
topic
award category
concept
award category
genre
sports team
topic
school category
government office
sports team
award category
location
time zone
office of government office
film
time zone
award category
award category
award category
topic
tv program
location
title
industry
topic
award category
film
award category
award category
film
genre
food category
location
time zone
education organization
location
football team
topic
award category
medical institution
genre
document
academic institution
topic
tv series
topic
football team
award nominated work
award category
award category
award category
award category
person
organization
football team
award category
award category
tv series
award category
award category
instrument
award category
award category
event
time zone
time zone
film
sports team
military service
sports position
film
education institution
award category
award category
award category
award category
film
award category
award category
award category
award category
topic
award category
award category
award category
football team
award category
football team
award category
award category
award category
award category
football team
concept
work
football team
tv series
location
food category
award category
award category
location
award category
sports team
country
time zone
award category
sports team
company
time period
tv program
person
location
employer
work
award category
award category
award category
football team
award category
football team
award category
film
award category
award category
award category
time zone
award category
sports team
award category
award category
award category
award category
person
topic
genre
person
event
award category
award category
award category
award category
award category
event
genre
time zone
food ingredient
award category
award category
film
football team
genre
organization
genre
time zone
medical specialty
award category
location
topic
company
academic institution
genre
genre
film company
award category
award category
football team
genre
football position
award category
concept
award category
topic
sports team
tv series
award category
award category
topic
sports league draft
award category
religion
film
award category
award category
employer
language
award category
award category
topic
architectural style
location
award nominated work
award category
award category
country
award category
award category
genre
academic institution
award category
award category
sports team
event
award category
military service
award category
academic institution
sports position
genre
topic
location
sports tournament
tv program
award category
award category
film
football team
location
person
location
award category
award category
topic
award category
programming language
sports team
award category
tv series
award category
award category
award category
award category
award category
award category
award category
award category
event
conceptual art
record label
award category
genre
award category
award category
government office
office office
award category
topic
court case
time zone
topic
event
award category
organization
award ceremony
award category
location
award category
sports team
education institution
award category
location
award category
tv program
award category
medical specialty
award category
award category
tv series
time zone
government office
award category
education institution
topic
education institution
film
film
location
institution
award category
event
award category
award category
award category
fictional character
film
location
award category
award category
football team
time zone
award category
education organization
film
football team
award category
event
award category
award category
tv series
award category
film
military service
award category
time zone
award category
award category
person
population
legislative session
award category
topic
award category
location
sports team
award category
location
person
award category
award category
award category
award category
award category
football team
award category
time zone
football team
tv series
person
film
award category
award category
football team
